# bookish-train

so many days passed by and its almost sunny out all the time now...  i wonder more things...  some more things like this and that.  i wonder when this stupid thing is over.  every day i wait but i dont notice.  sorta...

so i feel at lost other than to learn from mistakes dealing with you here.  you don't make fair deals i really can't stand it.  how come you don't pay billions in patent fees???  i dont know man. i ran out of gas or something.  no more power overwhelming.

yeah i want to leave and begone this thing but i'm developing addiction to doing stuff cause i have a goal and it can be achieved...  some sort of better day or something.  5 years ptsd.  sits around doing nothing but smoking weed...  it repaired didn't it??? i just have certain issues with my meds...  anyways, why are you still here?? you doing the long term shit on me. i wouldn't do this you know.  sharkey special.  never can just die and forget...   i remember every single victim you guys...  its tiring keeping their memory in my memory.  i remember.  and i asked a while ago bro.. i swear you couldn't see this or something your lame soldiers don't know how to have a nice day lol.  cause they have this brain knot???  or was the brain knot needed to get things done...  oh well my brain is damaged according to military standards otherwise you guys need to get a brain or something lets not talk about it...  so i dont know what we are supposed to do now other than count the days...

guys i figured it out.  i did your test and you got stuff and now we get paid lol...  weird...  why has this part of things not occured yet??  oh well i blindly serve another day...  you know this whole time is not worth what you presented to me.  i wonder if you're a cheapskate like this.  you know??? like when you have brain injury and they run away to hide...  sounds familiar...

anyways, i figured what this is.  you are just tentalizing the meat for me...  someday i'll get it done with my  bucket list eh???  lol..  i dont know bro.  you are here with me and you did way more things above your worth.  anyways, it is what it is...  i dont view the world the same way maybe.  so you guys suck and i'm running out of reasons to come here...
